docs: use helm charts instead of manifests + document KeptnConfig CRD (#747)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: README.md

**Installation**

> ```
> helm repo add keptn-lifecycle-toolkit https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
> helm repo update
> helm upgrade --install keptn-lifecycle-toolkit keptn/lifecycle-toolkit -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait
> ```
> 
> to install the latest release of the Lifecycle Toolkit.
> 
> For installing the Lifecycle Toolkit via manifests use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Use the following command sequence
to install the latest release of the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit:

helm repo add keptn-lifecycle-toolkit https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
helm repo update
helm upgrade --install keptn-lifecycle-toolkit keptn/lifecycle-toolkit -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait
```

To install the Lifecycle Toolkit via manifests, use:
```

<!---x-release-please-end-->

The Lifecycle Toolkit uses the OpenTelemetry collector to provide a vendor-agnostic implementation of how to receive,
process and export telemetry data. To install it, follow their [installation instructions](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/getting-started/).

> We also provide some more information about this in our [observability example](./examples/support/observability/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide more information about this in our [observability example](./examples/support/observability/).
```

### Installation

Use the following command sequence to install the latest release of the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit:

```shell
helm repo add klt https://charts.lifecycle.keptn.sh
helm repo update

> helm upgrade --install klt klt/klt -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait

Reviewer 2: This way we have the following names `keptn-klt-${item}`. Our charts have a name override in the _helper that adds `-klt` to the release name
```suggestion
helm upgrade --install keptn klt/klt -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait
```

> helm upgrade --install klt keptn-lifecycle-toolkit/klt -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
helm upgrade --install klt klt/klt -n keptn-lifecycle-toolkit-system --create-namespace --wait
```

the `.spec.objectives[i].name` of `KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` to the same value as it is stored in `.metadata.name` of `KeptnMetric` resource. The `.spec.objectives[i].query` parameter
of `KeptnEvaluationDefiniton` will be ignored and `.spec.query` of `KeptnMetric` will be use instead as a query to fetch the data.

### Keptn Config

> A `KeptnConfig` is a CRD used to define configuration values of the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `KeptnConfig` CRD defines configuration values for the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit.
```

> In the current state, there is a possibility to configure url of OTel collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, it can be used to configure the URL of the OpenTelemetry collector.
```

    key: prometheusLoginCredentials
```

> > **Note:** The KeptnMetricsProvider is a new resource in KLT 0.7.0.

Reviewer 2: Please, have a look at this PR for some suggestions about notes https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/pull/962
